Terms and Conditions for Use of HEC-DSSVue

The United States Government, US Army Corps of Engineers, Hydrologic Engineering
Center ("HEC") grants to the user the rights to install HEC-DSSVue "the
Software" (either from a disk copy obtained from HEC, a distributor or another
user or by downloading it from a network) and to use, copy and/or distribute
copies of the Software to other users, subject to the following Terms and
Conditions of Use:

All copies of the Software received or reproduced by or for user pursuant to the
authority of this Terms and Conditions of Use will be and remain the property of
HEC.

User may reproduce and distribute the Software provided that the recipient
agrees to the Terms and Conditions for Use noted herein.

HEC is solely responsible for the content of the Software. The Software may not
be modified, abridged, decompiled, disassembled, unobfuscated or reverse
engineered. The user is solely responsible for the content, interactions, and
effects of any and all amendments, if present, whether they be extension
modules, language resource bundles, scripts or any other amendment. The Software
may not be modified, abridged, decompiled or disassembled.

The name "HEC-DSSVue" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from the Software. Products derived from the Software may not be called
"HEC-DSSVue" nor may any part of the "HEC-DSSVue" name appear within the name of
derived products.

No part of this Terms and Conditions for Use may be modified, deleted or
obliterated from the Software. No part of the Software may be exported or
re-exported in contravention of U.S. export laws or regulations.

Waiver of Warranty

THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT AND ITS AGENCIES, OFFICIALS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND
EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING ITS CONTRACTORS AND SUPPLIERS PROVIDE HEC-DSSVue "AS IS,"
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Depending on state law, the
foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you, and you may also have other legal
rights that vary from state to state.

Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT AND ITS AGENCIES, OFFICIALS,
REPRESENTATIVES, AND EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING ITS CONTRACTORS AND SUPPLIERS, BE
LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF HEC-DSSVue REGARDLESS OF CAUSE,
INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE. THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENTï¿½S LIABILITY, AND THE
LIABILITY OF ITS AGENCIES, OFFICIALS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING
ITS CONTRACTORS AND SUPPLIERS, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE
IS LIMITED TO THE REPLACEMENT OF CERTIFIED COPIES OF HEC-DSSVue WITH IDENTIFIED
ERRORS CORRECTED. Depending on state law, the above limitation or exclusion may
not apply to you.

Indemnity

As a voluntary user of HEC-DSSVue you agree to indemnify and hold the United
States Government, and its agencies, officials, representatives, and employees,
including its contractors and suppliers, harmless from any claim or demand,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising
out of your use of HEC-DSSVue or breach of this Agreement or your violation of
any law or the rights of a third party.

Assent

By using this program you voluntarily accept these terms and conditions. If you
do not agree to these terms and conditions, uninstall the program and return any
program materials to HEC (If you downloaded the program and do not have disk
media, please delete all copies, and cease using the program).
